Support backtick, logical &&, and ternary (#57)
AhmedBaset/eslint-plugin-rtl-friendly: .changeset/shiny-kangaroos-hunt.md

---
"eslint-plugin-rtl-friendly": minor
---

# Add support for extra className cases

Previously the plugin only supported literal values like `className="..."`, which lead to a big miss, Now it supports more cases:

- `className={"..."}` (Auto Fixable)
- Template Literal: `className={``}` (Auto Fixable)
- Terenary Operator: `className={condition ? "..." : "..."}`:
  - It reports errors on both consequent and alternate values
  - But it only fixes the consequent value

> Currently, Auto Fixing only works with literal values but it will support all cases in the future

Author: ```suggestion
Currently, Auto Fixing works with only literal values but the goal is to get it to fix all expressions 
```
